
7th June 2026

Good morning/afternoon,

I have opted to write this information down as I find that I am guilty of not telling the full story otherwise,
and I feel that it is more important to do so now than it has ever been. I genuinely think that I have been
holding information back because I don't want to be seen as anything negative.

I have had weight problems for the past 20+ years, I have tried to lose weight, but I have not been able to do so
successfully. I have tried weightwatchers, but that has only resulted in very moderate results. I tried the 
Cambridge Diet, and lost 7 stone. I remember feeling so good about myself after that, I was still overweight at
roughly 22 stone, but I was considerably better than I was before. However, I also remember feeling very bad
about myself when all that weight came straight back on again, plus more weight.

This is hard. Even with just writing this down I am fighting an internal battle with myself to not just close
this down and give up.

I fully undestand healthy eating and healthy lifestyles, but I am not sure how to get there. There are many
complications and obstacles in the way. People tend to just say "you're just making excuses" or "you're just
not really interested in eating well", but I most definitely am.

In 2004, the central heating system in my house broke down. We had no insurance cover and no money to be able
to replace it. We had no hot water, and no heating, for 4 years. In 2008 my wife sourced a loan to replace the
central heating system and that is what we did. That central heating system has broken down this year so we are
back at square one.
I am still struggling to understand what happend with the loan we took out. I understood that it was a £10000
loan with a total repayment of roughly £19000. I messed up majorly, as the loan was actually a second mortgage
and we had to repay over £50000. Added to that, We ran up arrears on the loan, and were charged an additional
£15000. This is a major mistake and has ruined our lives. We struggle financially, and this is the cause of
the health issues I have.

